{"filter":false,"title":"2014-11-18-Frank-J-Bricardo.md","tooltip":"/_posts/2014-11-18-Frank-J-Bricardo.md","undoManager":{"mark":34,"position":34,"stack":[[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":3333},"action":"insert","lines":["Frank J. Bricardo violently awakes in a cold sweat. He instinctively spins his head left and right but sees nothing. He sees nothing because it is horribly, horribly dark. This is not the kind of darkness you fall asleep to, the kind that wraps you in a chilled blanket as you drift off asleep. No, this is real darkness. Darkness that suffocates not only your eyes but your ears and every inch of your exposed skin. Some may even call it MIDNIGHT. Franky doesn’t usually mind the dark. He has always been somewhat of a self-proclaimed lone wolf and the darkness has always been convenient to that persona, but he can’t stand the MIDNIGHT. He hopelessly continues looking through the dark…but still sees nothing. As he sits, he feels something cool and soft underneath his hands. It feels like sand. It is not sand. After Frank makes it out the cave, which really wasn’t as much a cave as it was an idea, he is overcome by an eerie feeling that his ordeal is not quite over. Just as he is thinking this, he hears a whooshing noise behind him getting closer and closer. As he is trying to put a face to this vaguely familiar sound, his mind flashbacks to a time much more simple. Flash back. Little boy Franky feels the breeze against his hair as it creeps from the edges of his baseball cap. As he rests his bat on his left shoulder, he readies himself for what is about to come. It is the end of the fourth inning. If he strikeouts, his team will still be ahead by half a dozen points. Him batting right now is thoroughly insignificant at this point. Nevertheless, the pitch is thrown and he moves his bat toward the ball at a “just okay” speed. Flash forward. The whooshing sound. Franky now realizes that the whooshing sound currently approaching the back of his head is the sound of a baseball bat traveling through the air. As an immense panic begins to overtake him, Franky feels a strange calm. When people are met with unimaginable trouble, they often find a surprising peace immediately before the apex of disaster. This is an interesting occurrence as it makes it appear that people are resilient to acceptance of tragedy until the acceptance of such a thing is no longer helpful. For if they would have considered the impending disaster earlier on, it may have been able to be avoided altogether. But people are stubborn, so that’s unrealistic. The phenomenon that I am describing here is not what happened to Franky. Franky did not find peace in the very moments before the baseball bat struck him because he had accepted the gruesome fate that awaited him. No, Franky felt calm because he realized that there was something off with the whooshing sound. The bat carried more of a “thud” than the “ting” as it moved through the air. As Franky realized, the fullness of the noise was the difference of a plastic wiffle ball bat being swung through the air and not a metal baseball bat. The wiffle ball bat strikes Franky squarely in the back of the head making a distinct “ping” sound. Confused and slightly annoyed but unharmed, Franky turns his head to see his attacker/jokester. And just as he does, Franky hears another whooshing sound. This one does have a “ting”. It is moving quicker than the last swing. The hardened aluminum bat lands on Franky’s right temple. No “ping” sound is made. Frank J. Bricardo goes down."]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":1,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]},{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":1,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":[""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":1,"column":0},"end":{"row":2,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]},{"start":{"row":2,"column":0},"end":{"row":2,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":[""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":3,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["layout: post","cover: http://cdn.morguefile.com/imageData/public/files/w/wouldbetraveller/08/l/1407458003tne2q.jpg","title: French Toast!","---"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":1,"column":0}},"text":"\n"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":3}},"text":"---"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":7},"end":{"row":2,"column":95}},"text":"http://cdn.morguefile.com/imageData/public/files/w/wouldbetraveller/08/l/1407458003tne2q"},{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":7},"end":{"row":2,"column":8}},"text":"b"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":8},"end":{"row":2,"column":9}},"text":"g"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":9},"end":{"row":2,"column":10}},"text":"_"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":10},"end":{"row":2,"column":11}},"text":"c"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":11},"end":{"row":2,"column":12}},"text":"i"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":12},"end":{"row":2,"column":13}},"text":"t"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":13},"end":{"row":2,"column":14}},"text":"y"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":5,"column":0},"end":{"row":6,"column":0}},"text":"\n"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":7,"column":3333},"end":{"row":8,"column":0}},"text":"\n"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":4,"column":3},"end":{"row":5,"column":0}},"text":"\n"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":3,"column":7},"end":{"row":3,"column":19}},"text":"French Toast"},{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":3,"column":7},"end":{"row":3,"column":24}},"text":"Frank J. Bricardo"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":3,"column":24},"end":{"row":3,"column":25}},"text":"!"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":3,"column":24},"end":{"row":3,"column":25}},"text":"."}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":17},"end":{"row":2,"column":18}},"text":"e"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":7},"end":{"row":2,"column":8}},"text":"i"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":8},"end":{"row":2,"column":9}},"text":"m"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":9},"end":{"row":2,"column":10}},"text":"a"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":10},"end":{"row":2,"column":11}},"text":"g"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":11},"end":{"row":2,"column":12}},"text":"e"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":12},"end":{"row":2,"column":13}},"text":"s"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"insertText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":13},"end":{"row":2,"column":14}},"text":"/"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":24},"end":{"row":2,"column":25}},"text":"e"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":13},"end":{"row":2,"column":14}},"text":"/"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":12},"end":{"row":2,"column":13}},"text":"s"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":11},"end":{"row":2,"column":12}},"text":"e"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":10},"end":{"row":2,"column":11}},"text":"g"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":9},"end":{"row":2,"column":10}},"text":"a"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":8},"end":{"row":2,"column":9}},"text":"m"}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"action":"removeText","range":{"start":{"row":2,"column":7},"end":{"row":2,"column":8}},"text":"i"}]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":2,"column":7},"end":{"row":2,"column":7},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"hash":"e9c3c085799f49aafc7116aa276b1e0102adb927","timestamp":1416373600622}