{"filter":false,"title":"2015-01-13-Poly-What-Day-2.md","tooltip":"/_posts/2015-01-13-Poly-What-Day-2.md","undoManager":{"mark":59,"position":59,"stack":[[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":5,"column":6},"end":{"row":5,"column":11},"action":"remove","lines":["Day I"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":4,"column":19},"end":{"row":4,"column":20},"action":"remove","lines":["!"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":4,"column":19},"end":{"row":4,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":4,"column":20},"end":{"row":4,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["-"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":4,"column":21},"end":{"row":4,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":4,"column":22},"end":{"row":4,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["Day I"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":4,"column":27},"end":{"row":4,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":0},"end":{"row":19,"column":30},"action":"remove","lines":["And then came….day one. Out of context, this fragment is probably meaningless to most, but a crazy person will immediately recognize this as a reference to the birth of a brand new polyphasic sleeper. Yes, it is true, I am embarking on a quest to adapt my body to function on a polyphasic sleep cycle instead of the more socially acceptable monophasic sleep cycle. What is a polyphasic sleep schedule you may ask? That is a great question. I will now begin to answer it with a whole bunch of near-factual information. This information will be regurgitate from the readings of Wikipedia articles and forum posts which means that there is something to learn by reading it but there is no guarantee that any of it is true.","<br><br>","```ruby","puts \"This code will be highlighted\"","```","Picture a crying newborn baby. It is constantly waking up its mother and father. You might think that the baby is doing this because the baby wants to make its parents’ lives genuinely horrible. This could be true especially if you consider the ~~documentary~~ movie _Superbabies: Baby Geniuses_ but it may also be the result of the baby having a different sleep schedule than its parents. Newborn babies naturally sleep in two large chunks throughout a 24-hour period. However, over time, babies are trained to be accustomed to sleep a single large chunk of time throughout the normal day, a monophasic cycle. Any sleep schedule that incorporates multiple blocks of sleep throughout a 24-hour period is called a polyphasic sleep cycle. There is no research to back the necessity or the benefits of a monophasic sleep cycle over polyphasic sleep cycles. As you will see shortly, the benefits of adopting a polyphasic sleep cycle not hard to uncover.","<br><br>","There are a crapton of different types of polyphasic sleep cycles. I will not list all of them and their differences here but will instead focus on the polyphasic cycle that I plan to adopt, the Dymaxion. The Dymaxion is the granddaddy of polyphasic sleep cycles incorporating the least number of naps and the greatest time awake of any of the major polyphasic cycles. Because of the eliteness that the Dymaxion cycle demands, naturally I figured that is where I belong. Specifically, the Dymaxion sleep cycle involves taking four 30-minute naps spaced evenly throughout the day. This results in a total of two hours spent asleep and an astounding twenty-two hours awake.","<br><br>","As you might be able to guess, an “adaptation period” is needed to be able to fully adjust to this new sleep cycle. This adaptation period is said to last about seven to ten days and is filled with crippling sleep deprivation that sends you into a zombie-like trance until your body finally accepts the new sleep cycle. After the adaptation period, users of the Dymaxion report near one hundred percent functioning as if they were sleeping a full eight hours a night. The quick, incomplete explanation of why your body can adapt to extreme sleep cycles such as the Dymaxion goes as follows. REM sleep is super important. The other (deeper) phases of sleep are bushleague. Monophasic sleep cycles are inefficient when it comes to achieving REM sleep (you must track from the lighter levels of sleep to the deeper ones and then back up to hit REM). Once you get over the shock of the new sleep cycles and effectively go through the adaptation period, your body will be trained to immediately enter REM sleep whenever you nap. This allows for a near perfect return of REM sleep during the naps. This effectively makes all time spent asleep, time spent in REM. And bingo, your superman.","<br><br>","So back to day one. This is th"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":7,"column":0},"end":{"row":8,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":0},"end":{"row":9,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":0},"end":{"row":14,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["So yeah….I’m definitely more tired than yesterday. Last night was a little difficult but nowhere near a caving point. My two o’clock morning nap was pretty bush-league, which left me waiting six hours to try again. I kept myself pretty preoccupied with some light HTML editing, reading, and watching some shows. However, my 8 o’clock morning went great. I doubt that I hit REM but I fell asleep quickly and awoke feeling very refreshed. I also have been drinking this bottled tea that is so viscous it moves around like syrup. It is hard to tell how much that is contributing to my uppity mood but I am not going to complain about. I have plenty more tea if that’s what Dymaxion Josh needs to operate. Mentally, I feel that I am still operating near capacity. Not knowing how to test this, I went ahead and jotted down a couple of the throughts bouncing around my head. Everything seems to check out…","","Lemons shouldn’t have any sugar. They’re too freaking sour.","All roads should be paved with bricks.","Cracking eggs with one hand is fun.","Ronald McDonald is a creep.",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":17,"column":0},"end":{"row":17,"column":8},"action":"remove","lines":["<br><br>"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":9,"column":0},"end":{"row":9,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["<br><br>"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":9,"column":0},"end":{"row":9,"column":8},"action":"remove","lines":["<br><br>"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":900},"end":{"row":9,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":9,"column":0},"end":{"row":10,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":10,"column":0},"end":{"row":10,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":11,"column":0},"end":{"row":11,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":12,"column":0},"end":{"row":12,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":13,"column":0},"end":{"row":13,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":16,"column":0},"end":{"row":19,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["e first day on the Dymaxion and I feel great! Not super surprising since it is only the first day and I have no real reason to be tired. Coincidently, this is also the first day of classes for spring semester. I figured this was a good of time as any to try out polyphasic sleep for a few reasons. For one, the Dymaxion would not play too nice with a full-time work schedule since the naps need to be taken every six hours. Secondly, I normally don’t get enough sleep as it is when I am in classes usually averaging six hours or so a night. A polyphasic sleep cycle will give me extra time for schoolwork that I never have enough time for and also hopefully keeping me better rested in the long term. Lastly, the first week of classes usually is not too critical. Therefore walking around all zombie-like for a few days should be less of an issue since most professors should be going over syllabuses and reviewing past material for the first week.","","I have also decided on my personal timing of the four 30-minute naps that I will take throughout the day (and night). I will take them at both two o’clocks and both eight o’clocks. Today, I attempted to nap at these times but failed to fall asleep. I am sure this will be less of problem as the awake hours stretch on further. I’m hoping I’ll be able to really start utilizing these naps tomorrow so I’ll be able to make the transition less painful by allowing myself to reenergize in those thirty minutes without becoming completely sleep deprived. I suspect that this will be difficult due to my crappy ability to fall asleep in a reasonable amount of time combined with my sub-par napping ability. This might get interesting… ",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":15,"column":0},"end":{"row":16,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":14,"column":0},"end":{"row":15,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":10,"column":0},"end":{"row":10,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":10,"column":0},"end":{"row":10,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":10,"column":1},"end":{"row":10,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":10,"column":0},"end":{"row":10,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":11,"column":0},"end":{"row":11,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":11,"column":0},"end":{"row":11,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":11,"column":1},"end":{"row":11,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["-"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":11,"column":2},"end":{"row":11,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":12,"column":0},"end":{"row":12,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":12,"column":0},"end":{"row":12,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["-"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":12,"column":1},"end":{"row":12,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":13,"column":0},"end":{"row":13,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":13,"column":0},"end":{"row":13,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["-"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":13,"column":1},"end":{"row":13,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":11,"column":0},"end":{"row":12,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":13,"column":0},"end":{"row":13,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["⋅⋅*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":13,"column":3},"end":{"row":14,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":13,"column":3},"end":{"row":14,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":13,"column":3},"end":{"row":13,"column":4},"action":"remove","lines":["-"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":12,"column":17},"end":{"row":12,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":12,"column":20},"end":{"row":12,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":12,"column":21},"end":{"row":12,"column":22},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":14,"column":0},"end":{"row":14,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["-"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":14,"column":0},"end":{"row":14,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":3},"end":{"row":8,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":8},"end":{"row":8,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":11},"end":{"row":8,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["_"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":11},"end":{"row":8,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":16},"end":{"row":8,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["_"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":19},"end":{"row":8,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":23},"end":{"row":8,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["*"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":31},"end":{"row":8,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["~"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":32},"end":{"row":8,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["~"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":36},"end":{"row":8,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["~"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":36},"end":{"row":8,"column":37},"action":"remove","lines":["~"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":37},"end":{"row":8,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["~"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":38},"end":{"row":8,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["~"]}]}],[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":8,"column":39},"end":{"row":8,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["redcarpet"]}]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":36.10000658035278,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":8,"column":39},"end":{"row":8,"column":39},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":43,"mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1421257756089,"hash":"c7885ca27da1cc62822a0e0ca7d52e1ea2aeb565"}